##Summary

###(i) Reference: Florian Gross, Gordon Fraser, Andreas Zeller, ACM, 2012. [Search-Based System Testing: High Coverage, No False Alarms](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2336762). 

###(ii) Keywords:
* (ii1) **Test Case Generation:** .

* (ii2) **System Testing:** .

* (ii3) **GUI Testing:** .

* (ii4) **Test Coverage:** .

###(iii) Artifacts:

* (iii1) **Motivation:** Despite the great progress in the field of test case generation, test case generation tools don't have a widespread usage due to their several shortcomings. One such shortcoming identified by the authors is the _oracle problem_ which occurs when test case generators do not use oracles to asses the test cases thereby only generating executions and not the test cases. The missing oracle results in failures in programs going unnoticed. Another problem is that of _infeasibility_ of the generated test cases which gives false failures and thus prohibit the widespread use of test case generation tools. These problems motivated the authors to use GUIs as filters against infeasible executions, and generate GUI events by using aasearch based approach to avoid the limitations of using system interface for test case generation. 

* (iii2) **Checklist:** 
  * Exploration and quantification of the problem of false failures caused by infeasible tests.
  * Demonstration of coverage driven generation of test suites through a GUI by the use of a new testing tool, EXSYST.
  * Description of the technical foundations of EXSYST i.e. the use of search-based system testing, which uses system test generation to maximize test quality based on coverage metrics, while avoiding false failures by construction.
  * Evaluation of the proposed methodology on a standard suite of five Java programs to show better coverage achieved by the proposed method as against state-of-the-art unit or GUI test generators.

* (iii3) **Related Work:** 

* (iii4) **Future Work:** In the paper the authors propose to focus on the following areas for future work -
  * _Test carving:_ A technique to record and extract unit tests from system tests, if applied to the executions generated by EXSYST could allow to combine the efficiency of unit testing while retaining true failures.
  * _Alternate GUIs:_ Alternate GUIs and platforms such as Mobile phone and touchscreen devices may prove a far more valuable application ground than Java/Swing currently used in the study.
  * _Alternate system layers:_ Alternate system layers besides GUIs could provide alternate handles for providing system inputs, thus exploring the solution to the the question is whether search-based techniques could again discover the relations between input features and code features.
  * _Dynamic specification mining:_ It infers program models from executions. The more executions observed, the more accurate
the mined models become; infeasible executions, on the other hand, spoil the resulting models. Techniques that leverage
test case generation for specification mining benefit from realistic executions.
  * _Feature location:_ It attempts to locate features in code that serve a given concern. With generated realistic executions, dynamic techniques could be used to accurately locate code fragments tied to a particular concept in the user interface or otherwise structured input.
  
###(v) **Suggested Improvements:**
* (v1) The experiments for benchmark functions could have been repeated for variable number of iterations to account for the inherent stochastic behavior of meta-heuristics used in custom solvers.
* (v2) The reason could have been mentioned for choosing those specific benchmark and open source functions, and whether the chosen functions were representative of the maximum possible input domain.
* (v3) Statistical analysis of the results could have been visually represented for open source libraries as well to give more insightful interpretations.

###(vi) **Connection to other papers:**
FloPSy combines SBST and DSE for a particular setting of floating point constraints while the authors for _"Combining Search-based and Constraint-based Testing"_, give a more general approach of combining these two automatic test generation approaches. FloPSy which is a search based extension to Microsoft's DSE tool PEX that relies on the native code to have constraints, and is specifically an extension for DSE. The work in _"Combining Search-based and Constraint-based Testing"_ works along these lines, but focusses on improving both SBST and DSE without any hard requirement for constraints in native code.


